and we're doing a couple
videos on gaming here on the Acer a 15
with the Intel in 2840 just because this
is one of those processors it doesn't
matter which laptops it it's in you're
gonna you're gonna find them out there
this holiday season 24 28 30 and
especially the 200 ollar HP stream 11
and HP stream 13 have this processor and
I believe that you're gonna probably
have a whole raft of other ones out
there using it all under $300 this is a
$250 laptop and the stream 11th is think
about 200 hours so we'll just run some
little game tests here with two marine
or Tomb Raider is a pretty heavy-duty
game engine so it's always one that you
know graphics cards they like to run the
the Tomb Raider benchmark and see how it
is now this is the low settings it is
set to 800 by 600 so
but it seems to have a a good luck to it
some nice nice effects of even the Tomb
Raider engines
so after this mate we'll just do a
little bit of gameplay I don't wanna run
optimize your time you're watching to
rate anything you find out what it's all
about but just so you get an idea how it
performs on this little chip and what do
we got there
I've got the you'll notice the minimum
frame rate is what point three of a
frame so keep mind I've got the vsync
off so that's just part of the frame
buffer there the pay no attention to
that and the maximum is 24 in the
average is 19.3 so not too bad
considering it's tomb raider so anyway
what we'll just do a little bit of a run
you're not much but just so you get an
idea little devices I mean it for the
processor that's in the cost that you're
paying for these guys it's pretty good
nothing to sneeze at I mean if they're
running games like this you know
definitely at lower settings and lower
resolutions it's something at least you
can use to play the occasional game
while you're taking a pause from all
your schoolwork you've probably got this
for also sorry about the reflective
screen I'm doing this at night and it's
not not the best here in this little
little room I'm filming in so I tend to
get some
Mearing
so in the review of the a sir and when I
was talking about the in 2840 I had to
talk about how it's a dual core and you
know you can't expect a lot of modern
games to take advantage of multiple
cores just because it's to do a forum um
things are kind of learn to to Quad four
so I guess I'm supposed to meet here
they don't make three bridges like they
used to and our lady much better much
better than my last attempt on these
streams ever
so even though we've got low settings
because the the Tomb Raider engine is a
nice-looking one there's not a lot of
compromises in terms of losing graphical
fidelity it does it does look quite nice
still even at the most hitting one I'll
fight him oops
yeah see I didn't I couldn't see that
grab button from where cost right one
more time
if not we'll just didn't fit thank you
you don't need this any sin discord over
yeah anyway
I should have the press X or whatever it
is is so small I can't see the character
I'm just kind of off in a second they
don't want to hear then you scream all
right one more time big time - charlie
all right then you've got an idea of
what - Rader is on this n 28:40 so and
hopefully that that helps make you think
that if you end up with one of these
things
the HP stream 11 HP stream 13 a serious
HP's ACCE
you name it you can't play some games on
anything it's not a powerhouse but for
something that costs a couple on your
box you know it's it's pretty
comfortable so anyways with that all in
video thanks for watching and more
thanks you - because I'm not gonna kill
a girl anymore
alright take care oh hey if you want any
comments below with that is that's
fantastic or like or subscribe whatever
let me know if I'm doing a good job keep
it out these things and won't be doing
some more alright thanks a lot